Travel + Tourism: 1. Safety - make other countries safer, face recognition better so less crime, find missing people. 
Travel + Tourism: 3. Mask on makes face unrecognisable so safety invalid , only works if everywhere has cameras, people may not consent to their faces 
being recognised, especially if the data is recorded/stored.
Travel + Tourism: 4. If data is leaked, then it can be used for criminal activity - if it is connected to other more sensitive personal information - 
i.e bank details or passwords, potential fraud/scams, technology not perfect 

Computer recognition can have many benefits to the world or travel and tourism. The main benefit is the level of safety it provides both nationally and 
internationally. If facial recognition or licence plate recognition can be used, the ability to identify criminals, any potential weapons they have, and
the vehicles used makes the tracking and charging of criminals a much easier job. However, the technology is not perfect and therefore may mistake people or
objects which may cause severe problems if the wrong people are accused of crimes. Furthermore in the event of a security breach, extensive personal 
data linked to a person may also be leaked - such as bank details or passwords. For this reason, many people may not consent to being constantly tracked
and recorded - especially if the data is stored which could impede on human rights laws. 



Transport and Navigation: 1. Self driving cars - potentially less crashes - less dui and less late night tired driving risk. 2. Easily check car going over 
speed limits. 3. Track stolen cars.
Transport + Navigation : 1. Misidentify cars 2. Lots of models of cars look the same. 3. old cars don't already have it so may be hard at first to implement
due to large price of buying a new car with it in
Transport + Navigation: 1. If something goes wrong - who is to blame?, 2. Who does it save, the many, the pedestrian, the person in the car? 3. Can't make 
difficult moral dilemma decisions which could lead to more overall harm
 
Computer recognition technology has the potential to revolutionise the travel industry if implemented correctly. Self driving cars could reduce the amount
of crashes on the roads by making people not need to drive under the influence of drugs and/or alcohol to get home, avoid incidents due to people driving 
through the night and being tired, and stop people who speed or drive too slowly from causing collisions. In addition if human operated cars are driving 
dangerously, it would be easy to detect and recognize which car is driving recklessly, and in the event of an accident, the car/person at fault could be 
easily recognised. However, many cars, and cars of the same models look near identically and without 100% accurate technology, there is always the 
limitation of potentially identifying the wrong car. Another problem with self-driving cars is that accidents caused by them leave the blame ambiguous as 
the human “driver” was not in control and nor was the programmer who made the car. In addition, not all cars may be self driving and therefore in the 
event of a human error and a crash, the self driving system would struggle to “make a decision” about who to save, weather it be the driver, the passenger,
the most people, the people in the other car… the list goes on. 


Medicine and Healthcare: 1. Can be used to detect cancerous cells, tumours, 2. detection of foreign cells in the body, 
Medicine and Healthcare: 1. Inside the body is dark, difficult to get small cameras in, and may be difficult to get potential cells out
Medicine and Healthcare: 1. Possible radiation from camera? ,  2. Not 100% accurate may mis identify cells

Within the medical field, computer recognition technology has a wide range of applications and uses with the main one being the ability to recognise 
cancerous and foreing cells within the body. This would make the identification of illnesses much more accurate and mean the correct drugs would be 
administered more often. However the main issue with this technology is that it is not 100% accurate and therefore if the wrong treatment is administered,
more harm could be done then good. In addition, if cameras are used within the body to examine areas of potential damage, it may be difficult to see what 
is wrong as inside the body is very dark and leads to even more chance of the wrong diagnosis being given. Overall, this technology could be extremely 
useful, as long as it is used alongside the symptoms displayed by the patient to make sure there is a higher chance of a correct diagnosis.


Gaming and Entertaining: 1. Used for VR, if objects are detected nearby then there won't be any accidents, 2. Real life objects can be used for video - 
games - i.e sticks as swords , 3. Intense 3d scenes may be able to interact with the environment
Gaming and Entertaining: 1. Technology may not recognise the objects used or in the way 
Gaming and Entertaining: 1. tech not perfect 


Computer recognition could in the near future take video games, tv, and films into new unseen before levels of excitement and entertainment. If computer 
technology is able to recognise rooms and objects, 3d movies and tv shows could be interactive with the surrounding environment. This could be used to 
have seeing through the actors eyes when watching the movie, and the same technology could be implemented to vr in the gaming space to make the experience
more immersive for the player. It would mean that people would not walk into things or break furniture as a warning could be displayed before they hit 
objects making the experience safer. However, if the warnings are ignored, or the objects are not recognised then accidents could be caused. In Addition, 
it may be difficult for lots of places of all different sizes to have this technology and therefore it may be inaccessible due to 
costs.


















